Framer quotes 2A:

Oppressors can tyrannize only when they achieve a standing army, an enslaved press, and a disarmed populace.
—James Madison 

Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
—James Madison 

The Constitution shall never be construed to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms.”  
—Samuel Adams (@Ratifying Convention)

To disarm the people is the best and most effective way to enslave them…
 —George Mason 

The great object is that every man be armed. Everyone who is able may have a gun. 
 —Patrick  Henry 

As civil rulers, not having their duty to the people duly before them, may attempt to tyrannize, and as the military forces which must be occasionally raised to defend our country, might pervert their power to  the injury of their fellow citizens, the people are confirmed by the article in their right to keep and bear their private arms.
 —Tench Coxe

The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed
—Alexander Hamilton

When the resolution of enslaving America was formed in Great Britain, the British Parliament was advised by an artfu man, who was governor of Pennsylvania, to disarm the people; that it was the best and most effectual way to enslave them; but that they should not do it openly, but weaken them, and let them sink gradually...l ask, who are the militia? They consist of now of the whole people, except a few public officers. But I cannot say who will be the militia of the future day. If that paper on the table gets no alteration, the militia of the future day may not consist of all classes, high and low, and rich and poor...
—George Mason (Virginia Constitution Convention, 1788)

Militias, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves and include all men capable of bearing arms.
—Richard Henry Lee (Letters from The Federal Farmer,
17988)

Who are the militia? Are they not ourselves? Is it feared, then, that we shall turn our arms each man gainst his own bosom. Congress have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birthright of an American... [T]he unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments, but, where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the people.
—Tenche Coxe, The Pennsylvania Gazette, Feb. 20, 1788.

To preserve liberty, it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms, and be taught alike, especially when young, how to use them.
—Richard Henry Lee, 1788

Laws that forbid the carrying of arms... disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes...
Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides, for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man.
—Thomas Jefferson's "Commonplace Book," 1774-1776, quoting from On Crimes and Punishment, by criminologist Cesare Beccaria, 1764

Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense? Where is the difference between having our arms in possession and under our direction, and having them under the management of Congress? If our defense be the real object of having those arms, in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety, or equal safety to us, as in our own hands?
—Patrick Henry

...arms... discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property.
...Horrid mischief would ensue were (the law-abiding)
deprived the use of them.
—Thomas Paine

The constitutions of most of our States assert that all power is inherent in the people; that... it is their right and duty to be at all times armed.
—Thomas Jefferson

We should not forget that the spark which ignited the American Revolution was caused by the British attempt to confiscate the firearms of the colonists.
—Patrick Henry

When firearms go, all goes. We need them every hour.
— George Washington

The very atmosphere of firearms anywhere and everywhere restrains evil interference - they deserve a place of honor with all that's good.
—George Washington

To suppose arms in the hands of citizens, to be used at individual discretion, except in private self-defense, or by partial orders of towns, countries or districts of a state, is to demolish every constitution, and lay the laws prostrate, so that liberty can be enjoyed by no man; it is a dissolution of the government. The fundamental law of the militia is, that it be created, directed and commanded by the laws, and ever for the support of the laws.
—John Adams, A Defence of the Constitutions of the United States 475 (1787-1788)


The constitutions of most of our States assert, that all power is inherent in the people; that they may exercise it by themselves, ... or they may act by representatives, freely and equally chosen; that it is their right and duty to be at all times armed...
—Thomas Jefferson, Letter to Major John Cartwright,
June 5, 1824

A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.
—James Madison