 We can know for the record, for the record. Yes, I just described exactly the situation. Just describe the situation. Just describe the situation. Oh, please. Multiple ways. More than one way I said to you, how is a woman's autonomy expected in marriages, especially if the husband is forcing her to have sex with him, especially if she does not want to have sex? OK. What does that mean to you? Does that mean that a woman is getting raped? Does that mean rape? Because you're forcing to have sex with someone? What is forcing? Like, tell me. Yes. So what you're describing seems like an issue of autonomy here, where the man is under the conception, where they have the autonomy that the man is under the impression that they have autonomy over said woman. And the woman is under the impression that they are retaining their own autonomy. So from the woman's perspective, it's rape. And from the man's perspective, it's fulfilling a contract. That's the misconception that we're talking about here. And that misconception. To you, the whole argument, you literally said what I would say to you, the whole argument, I'll say. I'm manual. The issue is autonomy. Our time, you, their bodily autonomy, is not being respected in marriages, because men are touching them unwarrantly. Forcing them to have sex with them unwarrantly, doing things sexual that they do not want. They're putting sexual events on them that they do not want. Especially if it's like, bro, I'll have sex with you. I just don't want to have sex with you right now as I'm doing the task. That is basically what I'm trying to explain to you that their bodily autonomy is not being respected in that case in those fucking cases. Yes. And that says, you touch me, and I do, like, don't touch me. And then you get upset because you're like, oh, I can do this. I can't do that. I don't want you to touch me. You do not only. I'll let you touch me, but just not at the moment. Why can't you just wait? That is exactly the, you see how your brain is working as I explain the situation in different ways? I understand. You can brought up our personal issues into it. You understand how I be like, I'm doing something. And then you want to touch me and have sex with me. And I'm like, I don't want to have sex with you. And you get like, oh, my God, you know, you don't respect me. You want this, you want that. Bro, that is not what it is. I just don't want you to go fucking me right now. I'll be out of sex for you later. It's just not right now. And then you're like, when's later your impatient? That's exactly what I'm talking about here. Why do you feel the need to feel like, oh, you can touch me whatever you want, just because we are together or we're having sex with each other? Why do you feel that way? When I even marry a man, why don't you, why not marry? But you feel like you can just touch me. You can just put your hand on my butt, even though I'm doing something. I clearly don't have to touch right now. Why do you feel like you can do that? As a man, answer the question. OK, so it seems like we've shifted topics into personal realm. No, but I'm just bringing that up because you clearly don't understand the argument if I've bothered up in many other ways. No, I do understand. The situation where women are being touched unwattedly or women are being co-oporescent to having sex with them like with men that they're married to because they're married so they can do these things. You're not understanding my argument. It's not that I'm not understanding your argument. I understand your argument completely. I've always understood your argument. And I'm maintaining the same position that I have maintained because I understand your argument. There's no need to woman explain consent to me. I understand the mechanics. I honestly think this is a failing of women to actually understand autonomy and how they actually interact. No, no, no. I think it's actually you that don't understand how consent works and how autonomy works. Explain your mind. I can tell you. Touches me without my consent. I can tell you, I can explain it to you secularly. I can explain it to you biblically in terms of the confines of marriage. Now, if you're talking about personal issues, I think we should separate the two because we were talking about different things slightly. One, under a marriage contract, which is a very key thing as you brought up, we are not married. So those, that's a different game. And I think you're kind of overstating what I'm doing because nine times out of 10, I'm just trying to cuddle with you. It's not even like I'm trying to do a sexual advance per se. You assume that any type of physical contact is in a sexual way. You can touch me. If I try to hug you, you're like. I can really slap your hand and tell you, stop and get it upset with you until you don't touch me. You need to not. Yeah, even if I poke you, you do that. I can't even have a massage. That's not annoying to talk about that. You have to massage me. We'll be together. You touch me and I got upset with you. Yeah, I literally was trying to cuddle. God forbid. I'll see that. And what? You said no. And you said, you're not right now. And what did I do? I was like, OK. You stopped. And I stopped, exactly, because you still retain your autonomy. Now, moving to what we were saying earlier about marriage and that thing in general. This is the misconception that you're having. And a lot of women have this misconception. And what are you saying? What are you taking vows for? What is the contract that you're getting into with a person? What's the whole point of getting married? What is actually going on here? Because it seems like women have romanticized the idea of getting married without actually understanding the implications and the actual contractual obligations. They're very quick to say the contractual obligations when it comes to men, paying bills and stuff like that, being financially responsible. Oh, if we get a divorce, alimony, all of these things, these are contractual obligations that do what affect the man's autonomy. If you're getting, if you are legally, the state is legally recognized that you are getting substance from a man. A man is providing you substance in terms of income and that sort of thing where they're obligated even after the end of the contract, depending on how it ends, to continue paying for stuff. Money isn't free, right? You have to exchange your body and your time to get money. That is autonomy that you have to sacrifice to acquire money, which you are contractually obligated to spend. So it is a limiting of your autonomy. Another way that men's autonomy gets limited in relationship is sexual autonomy. Their sexual autonomy is limited because they're under a contractual agreement not to have sexual anyone else, but they're partner. So our argument might have to do with a woman's autonomy in respect to the end marriages. I'm explaining how can a woman's autonomy be respected as a man in marriages, as she they said, they're not being respected because they would be doing this, this, and this. Don't swap with enemies. I've been saying it. You are exercising a logical fallacy where you're trying to equate don't swap autonomy to don't get married. I am never making that equation. That's a equivocation fallacy. That is a equivocation of what's not. The focus on the respect of women's autonomy is hard to get. How? When I'm saying don't swap autonomy, I'm telling you how you navigate. That's not what I'm saying. Did I say that? They're not shooting at married. So are you implying that? Marriages are your type of people who don't get married like every fucking family gay. So swapping autonomy is the only form. If you're not swapping autonomy, then you're not in a marriage. That's what you're indicated to me, which is again, equivocation, logical fallacy. But if I were to entertain it, you're essentially implying that outside of an autonomy swap, there is no marriage that exists. Okay, so you are saying, not me, by the way, for the record, you are saying, I'm trying to make a move the breaks because I'm trying to make me sit right now since it's a little more of a mischievous. Okay, so this one doesn't have a person. I'm just gonna keep it trapped for time. It's 10.50. So I don't know if we want to shower. I don't need to shower. When do you do a show? I don't really need to. I'm gonna use dead dress. I might shower really quickly, but. Are you out of your head to shower so I have your brush and teeth and have your eyes? I mean, you can do that now. I don't have to, like, you don't have to wait on me to do the things you need to do. But you don't want me to go to work. I could leave here all day, but I can't because I have to go to sleep in the air. Okay, I know I'm saying, I'm gonna go to take a shower. We're gonna let that stop me from. Anyways, I just want to get this part across. You are equivocating a full autonomy of swap to marriage indicating that anything less than a full autonomy swap is not marriage by your definition. Is that what you're saying to me? Because each time I say a solution would be not swapping autonomy, you quickly say, so don't get married. So I just want to clarify that you're just, you know, saying that marriage only really exists as a full autonomy swap, just so I'm clear. That's what you're saying? I mean, a lot of people, if a religious reasons, they don't have sex until they get married. Oh, okay. A lot of people for religious reasons, they honestly just don't have anything sexual until they get, so in these type of cases, it's like, or like couples, they leave sex until they get married. Okay. Because they go very very very very. Okay. So in these type of situations where, you know, obviously people throw swap economies with my bargaining in tolerance with anyone until they get married. And obviously, you know, once they get married, what's gonna happen? They're swapping autonomy? I'm assuming. Okay, okay. So in these type of cases, you know, there's this full anticipation of, you know, becoming like not originating or until you get married. Like, of course, people are gonna swap bodily autonomy because that's a part of a marriage of our time. So you can't just ignore the fact that people can't, like, you know, people shouldn't do that. Because that's gonna always happen regardless. You know, people are gonna have kids with a person that they're married to, so they have to swap bodily autonomy and you know, et cetera, et cetera. And obviously, you know, if you're gonna be my life on a partner, I would like to, you know, be able to, you know, be sexual with you, especially if you're my life partner, unless I'm an asexual person and I'm not really asexual with that. Probably, you know, get married and at least with the traditional contract. But like, you know, asexual people begin to relationship and, you know, they just don't have sex because they're not interested in that. You know, there's people who just don't have sex. Yeah, that's perfectly fine. And people still don't, so relationships are not open. So, you know, I feel like, you know, you can't just say don't swap bodily autonomy. I've never said that. People literally get married for the whole purpose of doing that. Yes, that's what the men that you're describing are getting into a relationship, getting into a marriage with that understanding. And women retaining their autonomy is breaching that swap of autonomy. The moment I'm not breaching, because how does that not be claiming their autonomy? No, all the women are asking is the way for the men to respect their autonomy. Meaning, do not touch me unwantedly. That's a reclamation of autonomy by definition. It's a reclamation of autonomy. But why would you want somebody to just touch you unwantedly? I don't think I want somebody, like I'm not someone right person, but I don't think anyone I said, you know, especially if you're going through something or overstimulating something's happening right now. And someone just unwillingly touches you. Nobody wants that. That's a gross generalization. There are plenty of people who do. If they want their boundaries completely respected, they should not enter a contract in which there's an implication or an expectation that that autonomy and their boundaries would be under somebody else's control. Maybe not getting to an agreement like that. So do women? Yes. So you women? I'm bringing up the fact that women are not being respected in these type of situations because it's always open for interpretation. No, it's very clear. Because you're interpreted as, oh, a woman's retained her body in Tommy. She's going against the whole contract this year and third. When all the women who want for Christ what to say is not to be touched. As you're saying by definition, is a reclamation of autonomy? Is that really a problem for a mental grasp? Are you kidding? I'm not saying not to just touch people, and wanting to even if they're married to them, even if they have a family with them, don't just touch people because you can. Or you are the only sole purpose person who can touch that person because you're married to. Do men not understand that? I'm not a hard type of mental grasp. You're the one that's having a hard time grasping what reclamation of autonomy actually is. Because we're describing is a reclamation of autonomy by definition. If a woman is taking back their autonomy in terms of controlling one and where they're touched, that is by definition reclaiming their autonomy, which is perfectly fine for them to do. I just suggest they don't get into relationships where they have to give up autonomy in the first place. You can have a marriage with... You can't just go against your relationship. Even though that's being unrealistic. That's not what I'm saying. I know that's a really unrealistic need to have of people who just have a relationship. You can get into a relationship. You can get into a relationship where you keep your autonomy. You can get into a relationship where you keep your autonomy. All I'm asking here is reciprocation. If a woman wants to get into a relationship where they retain their autonomy, they should be in a relationship... And they want to get into a relationship with a man. They should also respect and expect that the man also retains their autonomy. I'm waiting to shoot. I'll hit it around. The issue that I'm having is that what I'm bringing up is that woman expects their autonomy to be retained while also still retaining the autonomy of their partner. This is the one, Bob. Okay, so to restate... Am I able to bring this to the European? No. Oh, this is your tablet? Yeah. I mean, I can use my laptop to... I'm always going to have my laptop to work. I have to set it to work. When I get home, I have a one-room ticket. I probably didn't work with you. Mm-hmm. I mean, you should start getting ready for work. Oh. Okay, to summarize. Yes. So this is already not. So can you please go do those things? Because I have to start getting ready too. I'm up. Okay. And can you get my back from underneath there? Please. Okay, again. So I need to get this ball over. It's a lovely part. I'm up and drive all the way back to Brooklyn. So I would like to, you know, run my time, you step to it, and take it home. And I want you to hurry up and do what you need to do, so we can go. Okay. Let me control my autonomy as you're asking for me to let you control yours. Okay, then get out the room and go get... You have to get ready for work anyways. How you can control the economy when you have a job to go to? I choose one to go in. You have to go show up. Okay. Anyways, as I was saying, to summarize. I have the time that I wanted to return to. He didn't even give me a time. You just said show up. Yes. I mean, I think we just only have any from this. I will always end up returning to this. Woo! You're funny. I'm not funny, but I'm just saying that I'm a bit... I'm not funny, but I'm just saying that. I just, again, I think it's funny because this is the critical misconception that men are having versus women. And this is truly a critical issue that we're having as a society. Because women are under the impression where they can have their cake and eat it too. They think it's okay for them to reclaim their autonomy while still demanding the autonomy of their partner. And that's just not consistent either from a biblical standard or a secular standard. There's no way around it. I can even quote Bible verses saying that that's just fucked up. I can go through how autonomy works showing that that's fucked up. If you want to reclaim your autonomy, yes, because I'm actually logically consistent. No, but I mean, that is exactly... The women are not saying, go go touch me or don't have sex with me. That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that women just don't want to be unmindedly touched. There is a time and place for everything. Why are you touching me and... Who's determining that time and place? The woman is. You're having the woman determined the time and place. If I'm literally doing my makeup, if I'm literally using how I am when I'm doing my makeup, I put all my attention into what I'm doing. Why are you broken me or unwinded touching me as I'm doing a task right after me? Because you can, because you have to be in your marriage, you can just throw me in the water. Knowing that I'm doing something right now. And you know what I'm going to get upset with you doing that. Would you touch me either way if we were married? You would touch me as I'm doing my makeup. It depends on the marriage contract and how that's done. But you know me already. I don't know how you would touch me. If you and I were to get married based off of what you've said, based off how you act, I would, in the marriage contract, it seems like you'd want to retain your own autonomy. So I would just ask for that same level of reciprocation. It definitely does. It seems like you know I still have touch me. Yes. On your own terms. That's returning that's a control of your autonomy. That's not a compromise. That's still my definition. We're not even together. We're talking about if we were to get married. We're talking about in the future tense. That would be more lenient. Obviously because we're married. As of right now, I'm not going to let you make it. Of course, I'm not talking about right now. I'm talking about in the marriage contract. I still do this. I still do that. You're not a role play. I still do. Why are you still touching me when I'm doing a task at the moment? Why are you still, you know, just unwarranted doing things to me? Knowing that I'm going to get a soldier. Know how you're going to run me. Why are you going to go at your way and throw my ass or throw my rest because you can? Knowing I'm going to be a soldier. If you touch me, you know how I am. Why are you going to do it anyways? I wouldn't. I wouldn't be in a contract with you where that would be the expectation. Okay. But then I would also, in the same turn, expect the same type of freedom of autonomy that you're demanding for yourself for me as well. Okay. All right. So I won't touch you if you are obviously doing something at the moment. I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't mind. Okay. But that's a difference. I wouldn't do it anyways. Right. I would actually prefer you. I would actually prefer you would. I could definitely do different activities while you're touching me. That is healthy. Yeah. Why can't you rest? I'm holding. I always do. I always do. I said it was a fundamental misconception between men and women. I'm not under that misconception. You know, I wouldn't get under a standard marriage contract with you because it's very apt and evident that you wouldn't be able to reciprocate appropriately with a standard contract. So I would never even get into the contract with you like that in the first place. You're basically saying that you would never get married to me. Not in a full autonomy swap. You're very clearly saying that you wouldn't be able to handle a full autonomy swap. Which is your progeny. Why are you going to fucking touch me when I'm doing a make-up or make-up? You know what I get out of tune when you touch me inappropriately anyways. Yeah. So you couldn't handle a full autonomy swap. Full swap. You just couldn't handle it. You're articulating that you couldn't. Okay. Which is fun. I would know. I'm articulating. Don't do things unwanted to me. Exactly. I don't want you to just touch me. You still want to retain your autonomy. But just not unwanted. Yeah. Whatever you want to. Which means you're retaining your autonomy. Which is perfectly fine. Oh, me neither. So if I'm not working right now, you're clearly working. You're going to just touch me because you're head. Knowing that I'm at work doing something right now. No. I just want to explain to you. I want you to break it down. I understand. You don't have to woman's blame to me for the fact that a thousand of times. Yes. You want to reclaim your autonomy. You can reclaim your autonomy that's perfectly fine. I would not get into a contract with you with the expectation of you swapping autonomy. When it's very clear, it's you're not going to swap autonomy. You don't want to marry me. I've been going to get ready for work because you're pissing me off. Why would I want to marry someone in a contract? I'm going to marry. Then go be with someone that she's going to let you do these things. Where are they, I'm annual. Are they here helping you out right now? Are they here bringing you to work? I mean, I can definitely find somebody who understands those types of stuff. And listen, if you want to be in a contract where you retain your autonomy, that's fine. I'm just going to be in a contract where that's respected. I'm going to be in these things for you and look at what you're talking about. How do you treat me? How am I treating you in some type of way? I'm literally saying that I would respect you. I didn't say that. You're the one that's tying a full autonomy swap to marriage. You're the one that's failing to meet your own expectations of marriage. Because this is what you're talking about. You're the one that's failing to meet your own expectations of marriage. That's not me. That's your expectations of marriage. Where I can just leave right now and not have to take it. Because now you're just pissing me off. Because now you just, each say you wouldn't be with me. Because whatever, because I want you to respect my life. That's not what I said. That's what you said. You're putting words into my mouth. Are you going to put your name for work or not? I will. After all miracles for you, this is how you fuck and treat me. Appear to emotional. No, no, no. Because you literally said you would not get married? I never said that. I literally did not say that. Yes. I literally did not say that. This is recorded, by the way. I'm not retracting nothing. I never said that to begin with. I can play back. You want me to play back the recording? You literally said. I'll play. Know what we know we literally said you did not want to be with me. I never said I never said there's a lot of me. It's harder to use it with me because you say that I want you to be a cop. You're incapable of a swap. I'm incapable of a swap. You're the one saying that you won't. I said, I wanted you to be with me for the last night and taking all of this right now coming to your house. I don't have to be here. I could be at home right now. I understand. You're the one that said that you would not be able to do an autonomy swap. And you made that very add in. I'm going to park my back. You reiterated that countless times. You literally wanted to say you went married. And now you're throwing stuff at me. No, because you're too weak. And now you're taking all of this. Now I'm being a dickhead because I want to respect your autonomy. I just ask for my autonomy to be respected. And now you're physically trying to abuse me by throwing stuff at me. Uh-huh. You're being a dickhead. I'm being a dickhead for respecting my own autonomy and yours. How's that being a dickhead? Like you're saying that you want your autonomy respected. I say, okay, that's fine. And you say, oh, oh, how would that extend to marriage? And you're just like, well, that just means that I wouldn't get into a marriage contract with you expecting to swap autonomy. When you're clearly saying that you wouldn't be able to stop to swap autonomy. So we just have our autonomy individually. We can still get married like that. I never said we can't. You're the one that's implying that we can't. Not me. So you're the one sending the expectation of marriage as a full autonomy swap. Not me. And you're the one saying that you can't even meet that expectation which you're setting for yourself. So you're the one that's saying that you couldn't get married to me. I'm not saying that. You're saying that. Any further questions? But of course, me trying to assert my boundaries is now I'm on this. I'm a dickhead and stuff like that. You assert your boundaries as perfectly fine. Even if you're trying to assert asymmetrical boundaries and imply that I'm wrong. You can have me serious right now. And now you're trying to sexualize me. I'm trying to have a serious conversation. All right. Now I will get ready. You need the eye part.